Iron
Copper
Nickel
Cobalt
Aluminium
Magnetite - tree
Laterite - tree
Malachite - tree
monazite creates helium by heat - make this a thing
Titanite (Sphene) comes from titanium ore reduction
anatase, brookite, ilmenite, leucoxene, perovskite, rutile, and sphene. (from titanium ore mining)

"Perovskite is a semiconductor, which is used to transport the electric charge whenever the light hits the material. In the United Kingdom, Oxford University physicists have found that the perovskite has been used as the replacement for thin-film solar cells [12]."
"Omni Crystal" - Crystal product made of every gemstone that's able to be used as any gem (creates 4)

Titanium alloy for these purposes
Marine applications
Chemical industry
Gas turbines
Firearm Silencers


more metals
magnesium
vanadium
and more

Consider Inconel
(Nickel Chromium Cobalt)
  45      20       15     %'s respective (use in super alloyer)

  SUPER ALLOYER -> up to 1000 metals can be used (this will give 1000 plates back, unless chemicals are used, reducted as percentage! (or make chemicals an additive cost?))

Turn oil shale into oil and sulfur (5:1 ratio?) with oil-shale-debris out the back 
turn oil shale debris into 
iron and nickel

-- Backup Text Pastes

-- other things

data:extend(
{
  alloyFurnace
})


data:extend(
{
    {
        type = "fuel-category",
        name = "magnetic",
    }
}
)


Limestone
- produce small amounts of argonite
- deep sea rig - Using argonite to obtain
Zinc Cobalt Lead

Divalent lead (Pb) cations and sulfur (S) anions form a close-packed cubic unit cell much like the mineral halite of the halide mineral group.
Zinc, cadmium, iron, copper, antimony, arsenic, bismuth and selenium also occur in variable amounts in galena.
Selenium substitutes for sulfur in the structure constituting a solid solution series.
The lead telluride mineral altaite has the same crystal structure as galena.


The compounds used include metal halides (most often zinc chloride or ammonium chloride),
hydrochloric acid, phosphoric acid, citric acid, and hydrobromic acid.
Salts of mineral acids with amines are also used as aggressive activators.

Galena Ore Worktable
Add Gasses
Ammonium chloride
Ammonium chloride is used in a ~5% aqueous solution to work on oil wells with clay swelling problems. (another type of oilfield, maybe?)
The acid mixture aqua regia, or royal water, dissolves gold and is used to purify scrap alloy containing gold.
Aqua regia is a mix of three parts hydrochloric acid to one part nitric acid.

Add Thorite (raw source of thorium)


Creating acid is too complex right now, instead I pride to use acid levels instead
Ideal suggestions with metallurgy include
Sulfuric acid expense
Coal Investments
Stone Investments

Next steps -> 
Mine a "raw" ore
Smelting it (3x ore) = 1 plate
adding sulfuric acid produces a refined ore (3x ore -> 2x refined ore, stone byproduct) = 1 plate
Refining again, taking more sulfuric acid, and stone generates a refined chunk of that metal. 1 to 1 Smelting
Lastly, two steps exist
Chemical mod is created. -> or allow more sulfuric acid, water, stone, coal, (maybe limestone?) producing a pure ore
Pure ore smelts 1:2
(This idea is for the now)


Average electricity cost per process 50MW

Total Cost 200MW (before beacons)

Suggested machinery to create art for
Ore Centrifuge
Ore Sorter
Thermal Nuker
Chemical Nuker
Washing Station
Acid Washing Station
Water Treatment Plant


Other Informatics
The high nickel content makes Inconel one of the most difficult materials to a machine,
requiring wear resistant coated carbide and a rigid machine tool.
Sitting right next to nickel on the periodic table is cobalt,
the main ingredient in cobalt chrome alloy. 


Add Alacrite
Composition
  20% Chromium 15% Tungsten 10% nickel 5% iron 65% Cobalt
Add Wolframite
Iron Tungsten Magnesium Exports
Add Nitinol (50/50 nickel titanium)



List of items/components
Screws - Moved to general Hardware
Nuts - Moved to general Hardware
Bolts - Moved to general Hardware
Washers - Moved to general Hardware
Springs
gears
pistons
rotors
motors
Pipe
Wire/Coil (respective to conduction/tensile strength)
Rivets
Beams
tubes



--Nuclear Decay (resource balanacing Strategy)

Cobalt Decays into Nickel
Option B
Result in Decaying the material with a 50% change to return to laterite, or 25% to return to two important elements
IE (Decay -> Aluminum Ore)
50% Laterite
25% Bauxite
25% Titanium

Other Example
Cobalt -> (Tech 3) Decay into Nickel (0-66% loss of material is required, though)

Check Decomposition Io's for more information