Iron
Copper
Nickel
Cobalt
Aluminium
Magnetite - tree
Laterite - tree
Malachite - tree
monazite creates helium by heat - make this a thing
Titanite (Sphene) comes from titanium ore reduction
anatase, brookite, ilmenite, leucoxene, perovskite, rutile, and sphene. (from titanium ore mining)

"Perovskite is a semiconductor, which is used to transport the electric charge whenever the light hits the material. In the United Kingdom, Oxford University physicists have found that the perovskite has been used as the replacement for thin-film solar cells [12]."
"Omni Crystal" - Crystal product made of every gemstone that's able to be used as any gem (creates 4)

Titanium alloy for these purposes
Marine applications
Chemical industry
Gas turbines
Firearm Silencers


more metals
magnesium
vanadium
and more

more alloys
Terne (Lead and Tin)

Consider Inconel
(Nickel Chromium Cobalt)
  45      20       15     %'s respective (use in super alloyer)

  SUPER ALLOYER -> up to 1000 metals can be used (this will give 1000 plates back, unless chemicals are used, reducted as percentage! (or make chemicals an additive cost?))

Turn oil shale into oil and sulfur (5:1 ratio?) with oil-shale-debris out the back 
turn oil shale debris into 
iron and nickel

-- Backup Text Pastes

-- other things

data:extend(
{
  alloyFurnace
})


data:extend(
{
    {
        type = "fuel-category",
        name = "magnetic",
    }
}
)


Limestone
- produce small amounts of argonite
- deep sea rig - Using argonite to obtain
Zinc Cobalt Lead

Divalent lead (Pb) cations and sulfur (S) anions form a close-packed cubic unit cell much like the mineral halite of the halide mineral group.
Zinc, cadmium, iron, copper, antimony, arsenic, bismuth and selenium also occur in variable amounts in galena.
Selenium substitutes for sulfur in the structure constituting a solid solution series.
The lead telluride mineral altaite has the same crystal structure as galena.


The compounds used include metal halides (most often zinc chloride or ammonium chloride),
hydrochloric acid, phosphoric acid, citric acid, and hydrobromic acid.
Salts of mineral acids with amines are also used as aggressive activators.

Galena Ore Worktable
Add Gasses
Ammonium chloride
Ammonium chloride is used in a ~5% aqueous solution to work on oil wells with clay swelling problems. (another type of oilfield, maybe?)
The acid mixture aqua regia, or royal water, dissolves gold and is used to purify scrap alloy containing gold.
Aqua regia is a mix of three parts hydrochloric acid to one part nitric acid.

Add Thorite (raw source of thorium)


Creating acid is too complex right now, instead I pride to use acid levels instead
Ideal suggestions with metallurgy include
Sulfuric acid expense
Coal Investments
Stone Investments

Next steps -> 
Mine a "raw" ore
Smelting it (3x ore) = 1 plate
adding sulfuric acid produces a refined ore (3x ore -> 2x refined ore, stone byproduct) = 1 plate
Refining again, taking more sulfuric acid, and stone generates a refined chunk of that metal. 1 to 1 Smelting
Lastly, two steps exist
Chemical mod is created. -> or allow more sulfuric acid, water, stone, coal, (maybe limestone?) producing a pure ore
Pure ore smelts 1:2
(This idea is for the now)


Average electricity cost per process 50MW

Total Cost 200MW (before beacons)

Suggested machinery to create art for
Ore Centrifuge
Ore Sorter
Thermal Nuker
Chemical Nuker
Washing Station
Acid Washing Station
Water Treatment Plant

There are several types of metallurgical coal:

Hard coking coals (HCC)
Medium coking coal (MCC)
Semi-soft coking coal (SSCC)
Pulverized coal for injection (PCI) coal

New Ore Workflow
Crush -> Sort (benefit 2x smelting rate)
Hydrolize -> Fluid Creation
Fluid Creation -> Fluid Sorting (creates waste)
Electrolytic Refining -> attracts magnetic materials from fluid  (requires acid fluid [Copper sulphate, but for simplicity Copper + acid inputs])
Boiling -> powdered metals
Acid Fluid Induction (sort ores into types) IE [Laterite -> Nickel, Magnetite]
Washing -> 50% smelting increase of "clean ores" no waste
Acid Refining 50% material increase
Thermal Treatment (heating, create small chance of byproducts)
Fire Refining (Charcoal) -> purification plate process (works for lower temperature metals [IE Copper,nickel,lead])
Fracture treatment (Flash freeze)
Chemical Purification -> end result is 3 plates per chunk
For heavy metals (rares) pound the ingots into plates (For all items?)

Optional methods for more plates
Using molten plates, and a Finery Forge (not refinery) [Google it, it's a thing]
20% plate increase when fining hot plates

Other Informatics
The high nickel content makes Inconel one of the most difficult materials to a machine,
requiring wear resistant coated carbide and a rigid machine tool.
Sitting right next to nickel on the periodic table is cobalt,
the main ingredient in cobalt chrome alloy. 


Add Alacrite
Composition
  20% Chromium 15% Tungsten 10% nickel 5% iron 65% Cobalt
Add Wolframite
Iron Tungsten Magnesium Exports
Add Nitinol (50/50 nickel titanium)



List of items/components
Screws - Moved to general Hardware
Nuts - Moved to general Hardware
Bolts - Moved to general Hardware
Washers - Moved to general Hardware
Springs
gears
pistons
rotors
motors
Pipe
Wire/Coil (respective to conduction/tensile strength)
Rivets
Beams
tubes



--Nuclear Decay (resource balanacing Strategy)

Cobalt Decays into Nickel
Option B
Result in Decaying the material with a 50% change to return to laterite, or 25% to return to two important elements
IE (Decay -> Aluminum Ore)
50% Laterite
25% Bauxite
25% Titanium

Other Example
Cobalt -> (Tech 3) Decay into Nickel (0-66% loss of material is required, though)

Check Decomposition Io's for more information

Volcanic Melting
- Create "invisible pipes" that are in fact decorated as trenches
- create large batch smelting, with the chance of "runoff" or "eruptions" ?
- create hydrothermal Mining (refer to hydrothermal fluid)
- allow "volcanic" smelting to take some items in [IE magnetite + malachite = 40% iron 40% copper 20% new metal]
end current theory
amend to above statements, most chemicals could be constructed from this volcanic melting (lots of gases can come from volcanos!)
THEORY - Create a volcano as a dual component, one part crafts molten metals, one part creates volcanic gases constantly


-- Chat AI GPT Metallurgy Processes
--Titanium
The most common process for producing pure titanium is the Kroll process, which involves the following steps:

Preparation of titanium tetrachloride: 
The starting material for the Kroll process is titanium tetrachloride (TiCl4), 
which is typically produced by the chlorination of titanium-containing minerals, such as ilmenite or rutile.

Reduction of titanium tetrachloride: 
The titanium tetrachloride is then reduced with magnesium (Mg) in a high-temperature vacuum furnace. 
The reaction produces titanium sponge, which is a porous, spongy mass of titanium metal.

Purification of titanium sponge: 
The titanium sponge is then purified using a series of chemical and physical treatments, 
such as washing, acid leaching, and vacuum melting, to remove impurities and achieve the desired purity.

Formation of titanium ingots: 
The purified titanium sponge is then melted and cast into titanium ingots, 
which can be further processed into various forms, such as bars, plates, and sheets.

The Kroll process is a complex and expensive process, requiring specialized equipment and handling procedures. 
However, it remains the most widely used process for producing high-purity titanium due 
to its ability to produce large quantities of titanium with high purity and at relatively low cost.

-- Chromium
The most common process for producing pure chromium is the aluminothermic reduction of chromium oxide using aluminum. 
The process involves the following steps:

Preparation of chromium oxide: 
The starting material for the process is chromium oxide (Cr2O3), which is typically obtained from chromite ore.

Mixing with aluminum powder: 
The chromium oxide is mixed with aluminum powder in the presence of a flux, 
such as calcium fluoride (CaF2), and other additives.

Ignition: The mixture is ignited using a fuse or an electric spark, 
which initiates a highly exothermic reaction between the aluminum and chromium oxide. 
The reaction produces molten chromium metal and aluminum oxide (Al2O3).

Separation of chromium: 
The molten chromium is separated from the aluminum oxide using various techniques, 
such as centrifugation or vacuum distillation.

Refining: 
The separated chromium is then refined using various techniques, 
such as electrorefining or vacuum melting, to remove impurities and achieve the desired purity.

The aluminothermic reduction process is a relatively simple and inexpensive process, 
requiring only a few raw materials and basic equipment. However, it has some drawbacks,
such as low yield and difficulty in controlling the reaction conditions. 
As a result, it is typically used for producing small quantities of high-purity chromium, 
such as for use in the aerospace and electronics industries.

Hastelloy X: Another nickel-based alloy, 
Hastelloy X is highly resistant to oxidation and can maintain its strength at high temperatures. 
It is often used in gas turbine engines and other high-temperature applications.

Haynes 230: This is a nickel-based superalloy that offers excellent resistance to high temperatures, corrosion, and oxidation. 
It is commonly used in gas turbine components, heat exchangers, and other high-temperature applications.

Waspaloy: This is a nickel-based superalloy that offers high strength and excellent resistance to high temperatures and corrosion.
It is commonly used in gas turbine engine components and other high-stress applications.

Stellite 6B: This is a cobalt-based superalloy that offers high wear resistance and excellent corrosion resistance. 
It is commonly used in valve seats, pump components, and other applications where wear resistance is critical.

Maraging Steel: This is a low-carbon, high-nickel alloy that offers high strength and excellent toughness. 
It is often used in aerospace and defense applications, such as missile and rocket motor components.

Carbon Steel is a great idea past stainless steel.